xmasA_Rov,SAT,1,Stadio Quercia Piazza Rosmini,0,xmasA_Rov
xmasA_Rov,SAT,2,Stadio Quercia Piazza Rosmini,0,xmasA_Rov
xmasA_Rov,SAT,3,Stadio Quercia Piazza Rosmini,0,xmasA_Rov
xmasA_Rov,SAT,4,Stadio Quercia Piazza Rosmini,0,xmasA_Rov
xmasA_Rov,SAT,5,Stadio Quercia Piazza Rosmini,0,xmasA_Rov
xmasA_Rov,SAT,6,Stadio Quercia Piazza Rosmini,0,xmasA_Rov
xmasA_Rov,SAT,7,Stadio Quercia Piazza Rosmini,0,xmasA_Rov
xmasA_Rov,SAT,8,Stadio Quercia Piazza Rosmini,0,xmasA_Rov
xmasA_Rov,SAT,9,Stadio Quercia Piazza Rosmini,0,xmasA_Rov
xmasA_Rov,SAT,10,Stadio Quercia Piazza Rosmini,0,xmasA_Rov
xmasA_Rov,SAT,11,Stadio Quercia Piazza Rosmini,0,xmasA_Rov
xmasA_Rov,SAT,12,Stadio Quercia Piazza Rosmini,0,xmasA_Rov
xmasA_Rov,SAT,13,Stadio Quercia Piazza Rosmini,0,xmasA_Rov
xmasA_Rov,SAT,14,Stadio Quercia Piazza Rosmini,0,xmasA_Rov
xmasA_Rov,SAT,15,Stadio Quercia Piazza Rosmini,0,xmasA_Rov
xmasA_Rov,SAT,16,Stadio Quercia Piazza Rosmini,0,xmasA_Rov
xmasA_Rov,SAT,17,Stadio Quercia Piazza Rosmini,0,xmasA_Rov
xmasA_Rov,SAT,18,Stadio Quercia Piazza Rosmini,0,xmasA_Rov
xmasA_Rov,SAT,19,Stadio Quercia Piazza Rosmini,0,xmasA_Rov
xmasA_Rov,SAT,20,Stadio Quercia Piazza Rosmini,0,xmasA_Rov
xmasA_Rov,SAT,21,Stadio Quercia Piazza Rosmini,0,xmasA_Rov
xmasA_Rov,SAT,22,Stadio Quercia Piazza Rosmini,0,xmasA_Rov
xmasA_Rov,SAT,23,Stadio Quercia Piazza Rosmini,0,xmasA_Rov
xmasA_Rov,SAT,24,Stadio Quercia Piazza Rosmini,0,xmasA_Rov
xmasA_Rov,SAT,25,Stadio Quercia Piazza Rosmini,0,xmasA_Rov
xmasA_Rov,SAT,26,Stadio Quercia Piazza Rosmini,0,xmasA_Rov
xmasA_Rov,SAT,27,Stadio Quercia Piazza Rosmini,0,xmasA_Rov
xmasA_Rov,SAT,28,Stadio Quercia Piazza Rosmini,0,xmasA_Rov
xmasA_Rov,SAT,29,Stadio Quercia Piazza Rosmini,0,xmasA_Rov
xmasA_Rov,SAT,30,Stadio Quercia Piazza Rosmini,0,xmasA_Rov
xmasA_Rov,SAT,31,Stadio Quercia Piazza Rosmini,0,xmasA_Rov
xmasA_Rov,SAT,32,Stadio Quercia Piazza Rosmini,0,xmasA_Rov
xmasA_Rov,SAT,33,Stadio Quercia Piazza Rosmini,0,xmasA_Rov
xmasR_Rov,SAT,1001,Piazza Rosmini Stadio Quercia,1,xmasR_Rov
xmasR_Rov,SAT,1002,Piazza Rosmini Stadio Quercia,1,xmasR_Rov
xmasR_Rov,SAT,1003,Piazza Rosmini Stadio Quercia,1,xmasR_Rov
xmasR_Rov,SAT,1004,Piazza Rosmini Stadio Quercia,1,xmasR_Rov
xmasR_Rov,SAT,1005,Piazza Rosmini Stadio Quercia,1,xmasR_Rov
xmasR_Rov,SAT,1006,Piazza Rosmini Stadio Quercia,1,xmasR_Rov
xmasR_Rov,SAT,1007,Piazza Rosmini Stadio Quercia,1,xmasR_Rov
xmasR_Rov,SAT,1008,Piazza Rosmini Stadio Quercia,1,xmasR_Rov
xmasR_Rov,SAT,1009,Piazza Rosmini Stadio Quercia,1,xmasR_Rov
xmasR_Rov,SAT,1010,Piazza Rosmini Stadio Quercia,1,xmasR_Rov
xmasR_Rov,SAT,1011,Piazza Rosmini Stadio Quercia,1,xmasR_Rov
xmasR_Rov,SAT,1012,Piazza Rosmini Stadio Quercia,1,xmasR_Rov
xmasR_Rov,SAT,1013,Piazza Rosmini Stadio Quercia,1,xmasR_Rov
xmasR_Rov,SAT,1014,Piazza Rosmini Stadio Quercia,1,xmasR_Rov
xmasR_Rov,SAT,1015,Piazza Rosmini Stadio Quercia,1,xmasR_Rov
xmasR_Rov,SAT,1016,Piazza Rosmini Stadio Quercia,1,xmasR_Rov
xmasR_Rov,SAT,1017,Piazza Rosmini Stadio Quercia,1,xmasR_Rov
xmasR_Rov,SAT,1018,Piazza Rosmini Stadio Quercia,1,xmasR_Rov
xmasR_Rov,SAT,1019,Piazza Rosmini Stadio Quercia,1,xmasR_Rov
xmasR_Rov,SAT,1020,Piazza Rosmini Stadio Quercia,1,xmasR_Rov
xmasR_Rov,SAT,1021,Piazza Rosmini Stadio Quercia,1,xmasR_Rov
xmasR_Rov,SAT,1022,Piazza Rosmini Stadio Quercia,1,xmasR_Rov
xmasR_Rov,SAT,1023,Piazza Rosmini Stadio Quercia,1,xmasR_Rov
xmasR_Rov,SAT,1024,Piazza Rosmini Stadio Quercia,1,xmasR_Rov
xmasR_Rov,SAT,1025,Piazza Rosmini Stadio Quercia,1,xmasR_Rov
xmasR_Rov,SAT,1026,Piazza Rosmini Stadio Quercia,1,xmasR_Rov
xmasR_Rov,SAT,1027,Piazza Rosmini Stadio Quercia,1,xmasR_Rov
xmasR_Rov,SAT,1028,Piazza Rosmini Stadio Quercia,1,xmasR_Rov
xmasR_Rov,SAT,1029,Piazza Rosmini Stadio Quercia,1,xmasR_Rov
xmasR_Rov,SAT,1030,Piazza Rosmini Stadio Quercia,1,xmasR_Rov
xmasR_Rov,SAT,1031,Piazza Rosmini Stadio Quercia,1,xmasR_Rov
xmasR_Rov,SAT,1032,Piazza Rosmini Stadio Quercia,1,xmasR_Rov
xmasR_Rov,SAT,1033,Piazza Rosmini Stadio Quercia,1,xmasR_Rov
